AuthServer identity providers support custom attribute / claim mapping for identity tokens (#14)
ddubson/docs-tap: app-sso/service-operators/identity-providers.hbs.md

            password: "password" # plain text
            roles:
              - "silly"
            claims: # custom identity token claims
              alt_address: "123 Fake Street"

>               middle_initial: "H"

Reviewer: **[suggestion]** add standard OIDC profile / email claims, e.g.:

```yaml
claims:
  given_name: "Bert"
  family_name: "Muppet"
  email: "bert@muppets.example.com"
  middle_initial: "H"
  alt_address: "123 Sesame Street"
```

Author: Done

  htpasswd -bnBC 12 "" your-password-here | tr -d ':\n'
  ```

## <a id="id-token-claims-mapping"></a> Identity token claims mapping

> **Note** This section is applicable to OpenID, LDAP, and SAML (experimental) identity provider configurations.

> `AuthServer` identity provider specification allows for configuring custom identity token claim mappings.

Reviewer: **[suggestion]**

> Service Operators can control which claims appear in an `AuthServer`-issued `id_token`, and how to obtain this value from an upstream identity provider.

**[suggestion]** add an example

> For example, consider the following configuration:
> ```yaml
> spec:
>   identityProviders:
>   - name: my-identity-provider
>     openid:
>       idToken:
>         claims:
>           - fromUpstream: "title"
>             toClaim: "job_tile"
>```
> With this, if the upstream OpenID identity provider makes a "title" claim available with value "developer", then the corresponding `AuthServer`-issued `id_token` will contain a claim `"job_title": "developer"`.

Author: Good call, done.

This field also allows for mapping [standard OpenID claims](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#StandardClaims) as well (
such as `given_name`, `family_name`, etc.). The field types will be preserved as per original OpenID
specification. For example, the `given_name` claim is defined as a string in the OpenID specification, and so if a
custom claim is mapped into this field, the value of the custom claim will be coerced into a string type -- if the custom

> claim is an array type, the first value of the array will be used.

Reviewer: **[suggestion]** Reword a bit:

> This field also allows for mapping [standard OpenID claims](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#StandardClaims) (such as `given_name`, `family_name`, etc.) as well as non-standard claim (such as the `job_title` claim in the example above).
> When mapping standard claims, the field types will be preserved [...]

Author: Done

> > **Important** To be able to use custom claims defined within `.spec.identityProviders[*].{openid,ldap,saml}.idToken.claims`,
> > you **must** include the `profile` scope within your `ClientRegistration` resource.

Reviewer: **[suggestion]**

```suggestion
> **Important** For custom claims defined `.spec.identityProviders[*].{openid,ldap,saml}.idToken.claims` to be available in `AuthServer`-issued `id_token`s,
> App Operators **must** include the `profile` scope within their `ClientRegistration` resource.
```

Author: Done.

```yaml
---
apiVersion: sso.apps.tanzu.vmware.com/v1alpha1
kind: AuthServer
metadata:
# ...
spec:
  identityProviders:
  - name: my-identity-provider
    {openid,ldap,saml}:
      idToken: # optional
        claims:
          - fromUpstream: "" # identity provider claim name
            toClaim: ""      # claim that will be part of an AppSSO id_token
```

### Constraints

The following are identity token mapping constraints that must be followed:

- Multiple upstream identity provider claims cannot be mapped to a single `AuthServer` identity token claim.

> - LDAP upstream identity provider claims are case-insensitive, while OpenID and SAML claims are case-sensitive.

Author: Done

> - `AuthServer` identity token claims are case-sensitive.

Author: Done.
